Version 1.0

  o Initial realise

Changes in version 1.1

  o Minor bugs correction
  o First submission to CRAN

Changes in version 1.2

  o Multi-OS compatibility improvments

Changes in version 1.3

  o Improved graphical interface: panel 5 (results) is no more a tab and is always visible; addition of icons.
  o Months displays in the panel 2 are the ones present in the database and neither the 12 months by default.
  o Correction of a bug affecting the saving path.
  o Addition of the daily frequency for time series building: by default 366 days a year.
  o Significant results of Kendall tests are displayed in bold.
  o The interface asks for confirmation before its closure.
  o If a lower or equal period of 1 year is selected to make test, a warning message is sent instead of making crashing the interface.
  o Automatic scrolling towards the last results obtained.
  o Update of the user guide.
  o Correction of minor bugs and addition of minor improvments.
  
Changes in version 1.4

  o Minor code updates
  o Addition of two boxplot options allowing to display a boxplot by years (the original option) or a boxplot by months.
  
Changes in version 1.5

  o Correction of boxplot savepath bugs
  o Correction of color scale bug on color.plot
  o Save path naming has been improved
  o Correction of mean time calculation between two samples when years and months are changed
  o Change in the save path name to include the stations analysed
  o Add barplot anomalies in the diagnostics panel
  o Aggregate Station option in panel 2 has been removed
  o Best aggregation method is estimated using an ANOVA with Dunnetts post hoc test instead
    of Wilcoxon test
  o Spectrum figure has been improved and is now interactive (like the cusum plot)
  o Column fixed labels have been change (STATIONS -> Category; DATES -> Dates)
  o Imported file must be a .txt instead of a .csv due to international variation in csv format
  o Dates must be in ISO 8601 format (yyyy-mm-dd) instead of French one
  o Figure resolutions and outputs have been improved
  o Shaprio-Wilk normality test display also a Q-Q plot
  o Possibility to direclty transform your data in Log10(x+1) from the interface
  
Changes in version 1.5.1
  
  o Minor bugs correction
  o Minor code improvment
  o Add a new graph with the option Detrend (Seasonality)
  o Interface visually improvment
  o Daily frequency analysis improvment

Changes in version 1.5.2

  o Improved graphics output
  o Inappropriate data selection in regard of salinity column; corrected
  o Minor bugs correction
  o Code optimizations


Changes in version 1.5.3

  o Possibility to import Dates with only years (yyyy)
  o Dependency with the package 'wq' has been removed (package archived)

Changes in version 1.5.4

  o Automatically perform Seasonnal Mann Kendall test with correction for autocorrelated data (not with all available test of the package)
  o Add custom choice for aggregation methods (sum, prod, any percentile etc.)
  o Minor bugs correction